feat: Plugin-constrained build-attributes (#1148)
canonical/craft-parts: docs/reference/changelog.rst

- Make the error message more detailed and traceable when the maven-use plugin
  encounters invalid XML in the software's ``pom.xml`` file.

> - Add the ``self-contained`` build-attribute. This attribute declares that a plugin's
>   build must be done without accessing resources outside the build system (like the
>   Internet), and as such requires explicit plugin support. Currently the ``maven`` and
>   ``maven-use`` support this attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the ``self-contained`` build attribute, which constrains a part's build to the
  local build environment. This attribute requires explicit plugin support and can
  currently be declared for parts using the Maven and Maven-use plugins.
```
